NEXT-30119 - Add document for Return Management (#59)
shopware/admin-api-reference: docs/guides/quick-start/05-order-management.md

```json http
{
  "method": "post",
  "url": "http://localhost/api/_proxy/order/{orderId}/return",
  "headers": {
    "Content-Type": "application/json",
    "Accept": "application/json",
    "Authorization": "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
  },
  "body": {
    "lineItems": [
      {
        "orderLineItemId": "c90e05c82c5a4457844cba7403c7ef96",
        "quantity": 2,
        "internalComment": "Line item comment"
      }
    ],
    "internalComment": "Order return comment"
  }
}
```

```description json_schema
{
  "type": "object",
  "description": "Parameters for adding return line items.",
  "properties": {
    "lineItems": []
    {
      "orderLineItemId": {
        "description": "ID of order line item.",
        "type": "string"
      },
      "quantity": {
        "description": "Quantity of order line item which should be returned.",
        "type": "integer"
      },
      "internalComment": {
        "description": "The optional comment when adding line item as return item",
        "type": "string"
      }
    },
    "internalComment": {
      "description": "The optional comment when adding line item as return item",
      "type": "string"
    }
  }
}
```

> #### 2. Add new order return line items
> If you already have an existing order return, it is indeed possible to include a new item in your return. In the event that the item has already been returned previously, the returned quantity will be increased by the quantity specified in the new return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
####  Add new order return line items

If you already have an existing order return, it is indeed possible to include a new item in your return. In the event that the item has already been returned previously, the returned quantity will be increased by the quantity specified in the new return.
```

> Below is a sample request that add the new item into your return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a sample request to add the new item to your return.
```

```json http
{
  "method": "post",
  "url": "http://localhost/api/_action/order/{orderId}/order-return/{orderReturnId}/add-items",
  "headers": {
    "Content-Type": "application/json",
    "Accept": "application/json",
    "Authorization": "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
  },
  "body": {
    "orderLineItems": [
      {
        "orderLineItemId": "c90e05c82c5a4457844cba7403c7ef96",
        "quantity": 2,
        "internalComment": "New comment"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

```description json_schema
{
  "type": "object",
  "description": "Parameters for adding return line items.",
  "properties": {
    "orderLineItems": []
    {
      "orderLineItemId": {
        "description": "ID of order line item.",
        "type": "string"
      },
      "quantity": {
        "description": "Quantity of order line item which should be returned.",
        "type": "integer"
      },
      "internalComment": {
        "description": "The optional comment when adding line item as return item",
        "type": "string"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> #### 3. Order return state transition
> The order return state represents `open`, `cancelled`, `in_progress`, `done` as transaction states for order items return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Order return state transition

The order return state represents `open`, `canceled`, `in_progress`, and `done` as transaction states for order items return.
```

  }
```

> #### 4. Order return line item state transition
> The order return line item state represents `open`, `shipped`, `shipped_partially`, `return_requested`, `returned`, `returned_partially`, `cancelled` as transaction states for order line items return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Order return line item state transition

The order return line item state represents `open`, `shipped`, `shipped_partially`, `return_requested`, `returned`, `returned_partially`, and `canceled` as transaction states for order line items return.
```

> Below is a sample request that sets the order return line item to *open*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a sample request that sets the order return line item to `open` :
```

```json http
{
  "method": "post",
  "url": "http://localhost/api/_action/order-line-item/state/open",
  "headers": {
    "Content-Type": "application/json",
    "Accept": "application/json",
    "Authorization": "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
  },
  "body": {
    "ids": ["558efc15fe604829b4d0607df75187e0"]
  }
}
```

```json json_schema
{
  "type": "object",
  "description": "Parameters for transitioning order return line item state.",
  "properties": {
    "ids": {
      "description": "ID of order line item.",
      "type": "array"
    }
  }
}
```

> #### 5. Order return calculator
> The purpose of the order return calculator is to determine the total amount of the order return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
####  Order return calculator

The purpose of the order return calculator is to determine the total amount of the order return.
```

Below is a sample request that calculates the amount of provided order return's ID.

```json http
{
  "method": "post",
  "url": "http://localhost/api/_action/order/return/558efc15fe604829b4d0607df75187e0/calculate",
  "headers": {
    "Content-Type": "application/json",
    "Accept": "application/json",
    "Authorization": "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
  }
}
```

> #### 6. Obtain Customer Turnover
> This function is designed to retrieve the turnover figure for a specific customer. The turnover value is calculated as the total order amount minus the total return amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Obtain customer turnover

This function is designed to retrieve the turnover figure for a specific customer. The turnover value is calculated as the total order amount minus the total return amount.
```
